failsafe-battery: max. 9 battmontiors and minor fixes (#3519)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: copter/source/docs/failsafe-battery.rst

Two-Layer failsafe
------------------

> Copter-3.6 (and higher) includes a two-layer battery failsafe. This allows setting up a follow-up action if the battery voltage or remaining capacity falls below an even lower threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ArduPilot includes a two-layer battery failsafe. This allows setting up a follow-up action if the battery voltage or remaining capacity falls below an even lower threshold.
```
